The business requirements given are to create a custom page where users are able to perform three basic functions:
          Search
          View at inventory
          create reservations
Overall: This will be implementd using LWCs on a Lighting App Page, and customer facing through Experience(time permitting).

 Search and view inventory: For search, we will implement a design that allows users to search using Title, Author, ISBM number. These fields will also need to be fields within the Salesforce org under the Book Object. Imperative Apex should be used here. There should be a discussion on using Salesforce ouyt of the box pattern matching with the % character or our own custom regex pattern matching. 
 For this requirement, we will implement imperastive Apex again, with pagination. We want to get 10 or 15 records6 with each click, so that the users ins't waiting for resuklts as we scale inventory. As of now, for the sake of brevity, I included the view inventory and search features as one where the user simply has to leave all fields blank the view our entire inventory. The decision was made so that we aren't clogging the page and creating more compnenents than what we need. It would also allow me to only have to implemement pagination once, because as inventory grows, users would search for a certain author with several books. Anothwr determination I mnade is that if a user enters multiple values for multiple fields, how is that handled? Right now, if two or more fields are entered, and they don't match it returns nothing. We will need to discuss if this is preferred, or do we want users to select which field they want to search by. 
 
 Create reservations: Requirements are very clear on relating Contacts to the Reservation object. We will implement a date picker. The user will enter their name, phone number, and email, and this will be upserted as a Contact. Ideally, this would be a child componenent of the search and view inventory componenent, where the user would search for their book, click on "Make reservation", and the date picker would appear. After the user makes their reservation, we would decrease the amount of inventory available. If inventory for that book is 0, the make a reservation option is not availalble. We also want to make sure that users can only pick hours that are our business hours, so we would query this from our business hours settings, and set our time limits using this. 

 Data model: Custom object reserrvations(Reservations__c), books (Book__c). I considered using products for books, but chose to create a custom object because products coukld potentially be used as a way to track all products that we decide to offer customers in the future, including books.
